Ayaan: Welcome to BARS magic battles. I know you’re probably new and have no idea what you’re doing so I guess I’ll battle you.
Ayaan: On the screen are your cards, depending on what element you pick, it could do more or less damage. In story mode your opponent has a set deck of cards but the card they play is randomised.
Nice play, another thing to keep in mind is mana. This is needed to use your cards and their special abilities. You replenish some over time but you should still pay attention to how much you use.
Ayaan: Oh, you already know how to play? That's gonna make defeating you all the more fun!

Ayaan: W-what, you actually beat me? Whatevs, I was going easy on you.
Ayaan: Oh… um yeah, no problem
Ayaan: Don’t let one win get to your head punk
Ayaan: Hmph


Marina: Hey! You’re asking for a deathwish if you step foot into the queen's domain.
Marina: Were you living under a rock for the past 5028 years? Everyone knows the queen is the top magician and has THE most powerful spell. Like literally everyone is after it
Marina: You know what, I might be willing to tell you where to find her IF you can beat me. What'd ya say, deal

Marina: Not too bad, I suppose I’ll tell you which direction the castle’s in… You like literally just have to keep going straight, hee hee.
Marina: Yeah, most travellers just avoid this lake so I’m glad to have a bit of entertainment!
Marina: Yup, hehe! *marina images back into the lake*	
Marina: Gosh, rude! And I’m a sea serpent you ignorant brat!


Mercury: Halt! Don’t take a step further. I’ve heard about you. There’s not a chance you’ll be getting anywhere near our city and most certainly not our dear queen. She has no time for frivolous spellcasters who think they can get the crown after learning how to shoot sparkles out of their fingers.
Mercury: Well well, if it isn’t a traveller. Haven’t seen you around before, state your business citizen
Mercury: Hah hah hah, so you wish to duel for the crown? The queen doesn’t like wasting her time so let’s see if you have what it takes before I let you squander in her presence!

Mercury: Well, you put up quite the fight. Hah hah hah, I suppose I should let you pass now.
Mercury: Thank you player, good luck on your quest.
Mercury: Tch, whatever you say player.


Ayaan: I taught you how to use magic so you better have been paying attention during your training or that crown is as good as mine!

Ayaan: ARRGGH... You- you won't get away with this!
Ayaan: Even after I betrayed you??
Ayaan: ...
Ayaan: *dies*


Hmm, seems Ayaan couldn’t end your little journey early, I even gave him two chances. Oh well, I’ll just have to do it myself. I fought hard for the mana crown, you’d have to pry it off my head if you even dream of taking this from me.

-DIFFERENT ENDINGS-
You walk up to the queen and pause for a moment. “I need you to know something, player. 
This crown comes with a lot of power and I worked hard for it… so I won’t… be giving… it up!” The queen takes one final slash of her sword at you. You raise your arms to block but to your surprise, hear a *clink*.
Looking up you see all the people you befriended on your journey. Together you all break the crown and share it amongst each other. You spend the rest of your time going on quests and living at the castle with your new life long friends.

You walk up to the queen and swiftly land your finishing attack. 
The crown is now yours and you wear it with pride, however... you feel something missing. You go on numerous quests, victory is inevitable. Despite your many wins life feels unfulfilling, you can't trust anyone. 
Everyone either wants to be around you because you have the crown or they want to steal the crown. You eventually spend your last days alone in the castle

You walk up to the queen and take the crown. You feel the power flowing through you as you gaze upon your new castle. 
*slash*
You collapse as you feel a sudden, sharp pain from your shoulder blade, down across your entire back. You hear the queen laughing as the crown falls from your head. Mrs. Baker cackles, "You really should've let your guard down, especially with a reputation like yours". 
Ayaan steps out from behind you and takes the crown. "It's truely a shame... we could've been friends but you did the dirty work and now I get what I trained you for". These are the last words you hear before your vision fades.

You take the crown from queen Baker. You look at the power-hungry tyrant that the crown turned the former academy professor into. That's not something you want for yourself
so you use the crown’s own power to destroy it. Years pass and some things have changed; since you didn't claim rule over the town, they elected Mercury as the new king. The townsfolk are much happier now with a king who listens to them. Since you spared Mrs. Baker, she spent a few years recovering from the side effects of the crown and now went back to teach at the academy.
Your life of going on quests is the same, but something feels different now. You don't know how to describe the feeling quite right but it's as if the air around you feels a bit lighter than it did before.